docs: Add note on extproc header manipulation limitations (#10273)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/traffic_management/extproc/header-manipulation.md

---
title: Header manipulation
weight: 40
description: Walk through an example for how to manipulate request headers by using an ExtProc server.
---

Set up an external processing (ExtProc) server that manipulates request headers for a sample app.

{{% notice note %}}
External processing is an Enterprise-only feature.
{{% /notice %}}

{{% notice warning %}}
Envoy's external processing filter is considered a work in progress and has an unknown security posture. Use caution when using this feature in production environments. For more information, see the [Envoy documentation](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/ext_proc_filter#external-processing).

> As of envoy 1.32, header manipulation via ExtProc only supports adding new headers, overwriting or appending to existing headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Envoy 1.32, header manipulation via ExtProc is supported only for adding new headers and for overwriting or appending existing headers.
```

> As of envoy 1.32, header manipulation via ExtProc only supports adding new headers, overwriting or appending to existing headers.

Author: I was thinking the same thing. Perhaps @solo-io/solo-docs can advise on this ?

> As of Envoy 1.32, header manipulation via ExtProc is supported only for adding new headers and for overwriting or appending existing headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Envoy 1.32, header manipulation via ExtProc is supported only for adding new headers and for overwriting or appending existing headers. Note that the [`append_action`](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/core/v3/base.proto#envoy-v3-api-msg-config-core-v3-headervalueoption) is not supported.
```
